Anus:
1. a) Digestive
   b) Endocrine 
   c) Circulatory
   d) Excretory
2. a) It's where feces is expelled from the body.
   b) It's where urine is expelled from the body.
   c) It's where bile is stored.
   d) It's where feces is stored.
3. a) Undigested food, water, and bacteria.
   b) Pancreatic enzymes, viruses, and mucus.
   c) Bile, hormones, and proteins.
   d) Food, water, and bile.

Cecum:
1. a) Digestive 
   b) Immune
   c) Digestive & Endocrine
   d) Circulatory
2. a) The bacteria present produce cellulase, an enzyme, which breaks down cellulose.
   b) It houses bacteria that create vitamins B & K.
   c) It creates hormones insulin and glucagon.
   d) It filters red blood cells.
3. a) Appendix; It's used to make antibodies which is used for the immune system.
   b) Spleen; It's used to make antibodies which is used for the immune system.
   c) Appendix; It creates white blood cells.
   d) Spleen; It creates white blood cells.
   
Gallbladder:
1. a) Digestive 
   b) Excretory
   c) Circulatory
   d) Digestive & Endocrine
2. a) It stores bile, which was produced by the liver.
   b) It creates bile, which is stored in the liver
   c) It creates enzymes, which breaks down biomolecules.
   d) It creates bile, which is stored in the duodenum.
3. a) It's the first part of the small intestine.
   b) It's the first part of the large intestine.
   c) It's a muscle that's between the stomach and the small intestine
   d) It's a muscle that's between the esophagus and the stomach.

Large Intestine:
1. a) Digestive 
   b) Digestive & Excretory
   c) Excretory
   d) Digestive & Endocrine
2. a) It reabsorbs water from the undigested food.
   b) Houses bacteria that aid in digestion and produce hormones.
   c) It creates vitamins A & K.
   d) The bacteria present produce cellulase, an enzyme, which breaks down cellulose.
3. a) Your large intestine is absorbing too less water. 
   b) Your large intestine is absorbing too much water. 
   c) The vitamins B & K are not being produced.
   d) Your large intestine is absorbing the right amount of water.
   
Small Intestine:
1. a) Digestive 
   b) Excretory
   c) Immune 
   d) Digestive & Endocrine
2. a) The pancreatic enzymes break down the carbs, lipids, and proteins. 
   b) Sodium bicarbonate neutralize bile in the small intestine. 
   c) It reabsorbs water from the undigested food.
   d) Bile breaks down proteins.
3. a) It increases the surface area of the small intestine so that 
	  nutrients can be absorbed. 
   b) It creates vitamins B & K;
   c) It breaks down lipids. 
   d) It nuetralizes stomach acid in the small intestine.

Spleen:
1. a) Immune & Circulatory
   b) Immune
   c) Circulatory
   d) Digestive & Circulatory
2. a) It filters red blood cells.
   b) It creates red blood cells.
   c) White blood cells mature in the spleen.
   d) Red blood cells mature in the spleen.
3. a) It creates white blood cells.
   b) White blood cells mature in the spleen.
   c) It creates antibodies for the immune system.
   d) It filters white blood cells.
 
Stomach:
1. a) Digestive
   b) Endocrine
   c) Excretory
   d) Digestive & Excretory
2. a) Pepsinogen converts to its active form of pepsin which breaks 
      down proteins. 
   b) Pepsin converts to its active form of pepsinogen which breaks 
      down proteins.
   c) Secretes sodium bicarbonate so that the pH level of the stomach 
	  can be maintained at 2.
   d) Bile is produced when stomach acid mixes with the broken down food.
3. a) A sore that develops from the damaging of the lining from stomach acid.
   b) The wave-like movement in the GI of smooth muscles which 
	  move food further down the digestive tract.
   c) An acidic fluid made up of gastric juices and partially digested 
      food that travels from the stomach to the small intestine.
   d) A muscle that allows chyme to exit the stomach so that it can 
      enter the small intestine.
Liver:
1. a) Digestive & Endocrine
   b) Digestive
   c) Endocrine
   d) Digestive & Excretory
2. a) It produces bile, which is stored in the gallbladder.
   b) It stores bile, which is produced in the gallbladder.
   c) It creates glucose and sodium bicarbonate.
   d) It creates hormones, insulin and glucagon.
3. a) It breaks down lipids in the small intestine.
   b) It breaks down proteins in the small intestine.
   c) It breaks down lipids in the stomach.
   d) It nuetralizes the acidic chyme in the small intestine.
   
Pancreas:
1. a) Digestive & Endocrine 
   b) Digestive & Excretory
   c) Endocrine
   d) Excretory
2. a) It creates pancreatic enzymes which break down biomolecules.
   b) It creates hormones estrogen and progesterone.
   c) It creates vitamins insulin and glucagon. 
   d) It creates hydrochloric acid which nuetralizes acidic chyme.
3. a) It lowers blood sugar levels by converting extra glucose into glycogen.
   b) It lowers blood sugar levels by converting glycogen into glucose
   c) It lowers blood sugar levels by converting glycogen into glucagon.
   d) It increases blood sugar levels by converting extra glucose into glycogen.

Umbilical Vein:
1. a) Circulatory
   b) Circulatory & Immune
   c) Digestive 
   d) Excretory
2. a) It carries oxygenated blood from the placenta to the fetus during pregnancy.
   b) It caries oxygenated blood from the fetus to the placenta.
   c) It carries oxygen from the placenta to the fetus during pregnancy.
   d) It caries oxygen from the fetus to the placenta.
3. a) It connects the developing fetus to the placenta in the womb.
   b) It connect the developing fetus to the vagina.
   c) It caries oxygen from the fetus to the placenta.
   d) It carries oxygen from the placenta to the fetus during pregnancy.
   
Urogenital Opening:
1. a) Excretory & Reproductive
   b) Excretory
   c) Digestive
   d) Digestive & Reproductive
2. a) It serves as the exit point for urine and reproductive fluids.
   b) It serves as the exit point for feces and reproductive fluids.
   c) It serves as the exit point for urine and hormones.
   d) It serves as the exit point for feces and urine  
3. a) Semen and menustrual fluid.
   b) Semen and testosterone.
   c) Menustrual fluid and progesterone.
   d) Semen and urine.
   
Urogenital Papilla:
1. a) Excretory & Reproductive
   b) Excretory 
   c) Digestive 
   d) Digestive & Excretory
2. a) It facilitates mating, childbirth, and/or urination,
   b) It connects the developing fetus to the placenta in the womb.
   c) It carries oxygenated blood from the placenta to the fetus during pregnancy.
   d) It serves as the exit point for urine and reproductive fluids.
3. a) It gets released, which signals to the male pigs that they are 
      ready to mate.
   b) It caries oxygen from the fetus to the placenta.
   c) It lowers blood sugar levels by converting glycogen into glucagon.
   d) It caries deoxygenated blood from the fetus to the placenta.

Diaphragm:
1. a) Respiratory 
   b) Circulatory
   c) Endocrine
   d) Immune
2. a) It is a crucial muscle involved in the process of breathing.
   b) It is a crucial muscle involved in the process of blood circulation.
   c) It creates a hormone that helps with breathing.
   d) It helps with gas diffusion, using alveoli.
3. a) Diaphragm contracts, chest cavity increases, pressure decreases.
   b) Diaphragm relaxes, chest cavity decreases, pressure increases.
   c) Diaphragm relaxes, chest cavity increases, pressure decreases.
   d) Diaphragm contracts, chest cavity decreases, pressure decreases.

Lungs (Left):
1. a) Respiratory 
   b) Circulatory & Respiratory
   c) Endocrine & Immune
   d) Immune
2. a) Facilitates the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the 
	  air we breathe and the bloodstream.
   b) It is a crucial muscle involved in the process of blood circulation.
   c) It filters red blood cells.
   d) It creats sound using vocal cords.
3. a) Pnuemonia
   b) Emphysema
   c) Bronchitis
   d) Laryngitis

Lungs (Right):
1. a) Respiratory 
   b) Circulatory & Respiratory
   c) Endocrine & Immune
   d) Immune
2. a) Facilitates the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the 
	  air we breathe and the bloodstream.
   b) It is a crucial muscle involved in the process of blood circulation.
   c) It filters white blood cells.
   d) It's a passageway for air.
3. a) Bronchi
   b) Bronchioles
   c) Trachea
   d) Layrnx

Larynx:
1. a) Respiratory 
   b) Endocrine & Immune
   c) Immune
   d) Circulatory
2. a) It contains vocal cords, which air moves through them to vibrate 
	  and produce sound. 
   b) It has cilia, which breaks down proteins.
   c) It has mucus, which helps with the creation of bolus.
   d) It plays a vital role in both the respiratory and digestive systems.
3. a) The inflammation of the larynx.
   b) The inflammation of the trachea.
   c) The inflammation of the bronchi.
   d) The inflammation of the alveoli.

Thyroid Gland:
1. a) Endocrine
   b) Endocrine & Immune
   c) Respiratory
   d) Immune
2. a) It produces hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). 
   b) It produces the hormone thyroxine (T3).
   c) It produces the hormone triiodothyronine (T4).
   d) It produces hormones thyroxine (T3) and triiodothyronine (T4).
3. a) Fatigue
   b) Weight Gain
   c) Low Energy
   d) High Energy

Heart:
1. a) Circulatory
   b) Respiratory
   c) Circulatory & Respiratory
   d) Endocrine
2. a) It pumps blood all throughout the body.
   b) It creates red blood cells.
   c) It creates white blood cells.
   d) It pumps oxygen all throughout the body.
3. a) It suddenly stops beating properly, which means blood can't get to the 
	  brain, lungs, and other organs. 
   b) The coronary artery, that supplies the heart with blood, gets blocked 
	  by plaque.
   c) There is a blood clot, which stops blood from reaching parts of the 
	  brain.
   d) When a blood vessel in the brain breaks open, causing bleeding 
	  inside the brain.

Pericardium:
1. a) Circulatory
   b) Respiratory
   c) Immune
   d) Endocrine
2. a) It protects the heart from coming intact with viruses, bacteria, etc.
   b) It protects the heart from other organs.
   c) It helps protect and support the abdominal organs.
   d) It keeps the organs in place while allowing some movement.
3. a) An odorless, colorless, tasteless but dangerous gas.
   b) It reduces the blood’s ability to carry carbon dioxide.
   c) A stimulant drug that speeds up the messages traveling between 
	  the brain and the body.
   d) It raises your blood pressure and spikes your adrenaline which 
      increases heart rate.

Coronary Artery:
1. a) Circulatory
   b) Endocrine
   c) Immune
   d) Respiratory & Circulatory
2. a) It supplies oxygen-rich blood to the heart muscle itself.
   b) It transports blood all throughout the body.
   c) It protects the heart from bacteria and viruses.
   d) It protects the lungs from bacteria and viruses.
3. a) Heart Attack
   b) Sudden Cardiac Arrest
   c) Ischemic Stroke
   d) Hemorrhagic Stroke

Trachea:
1. a) Respiratory 
   b) Endocrine
   c) Circulatory & Respiratory
   d) Immune
2. a) It serves as a conduit for air to pass between the upper respiratory 
	  tract and the lungs.
   b) It contains mucus that breaks down proteins. 
   c) It contains cilia that fight against viruses.
   d) It helps move blood throughout the body.
3. a) It pushes out foreign materials out of the respiratory system.
   b) It fights against viruses.
   c) It helps mature white blood cells (t-cells).
   d) It helps create red blood cells.

Pulmonary Artery:
1. a) Circulatory
   b) Endocrine
   c) Respiratory 
   d) Immune
2. a) It sends deoxygenated blood to the lungs.
   b) It helps and protects the heart from friction.
   c) It helps and protects the heart from bacteria and infections.
   d) It keeps the heart in place while allowing some movement.
3. a) Right Ventricle
   b) Right Atrium
   c) Left Ventricle
   d) Left Atrium

Thymus Tissue:
1. a) Immune
   b) Immune & Endocrine
   c) Endocrine
   d) Respiratory
2. a) It's involved in maturation of a type of t-cells.
   b) It produces the hormone Thymosin, which helps to mature the immune 
	  system cells.
   c) It produces red blood cells and filters them.
   d) It filters t-cells.
3. a) White blood cells
   b) Red blood cells
   c) B-cells
   d) Blue blood cells

Thymus Glands:
1. a) Immune
   b) Immune & Endocrine
   c) Endocrine
   d) Respiratory
2. a) It produces a hormone which helps to mature the immune system cells.
   b) It produces red blood cells and filters them.
   c) It filters t-cells.
   d) It's involved in maturation of a type of b-cells.
3. a) Thymosin
   b) Thyroxine
   c) Triiodothyronine
   d) Thyroxine and triiodothyronine
