1. Scoreboard
To look at the scoreboard, click on the button below the How to Play  
button. When you click on the scoreboard, it will take you to a page where   
the name and score of the user will shown. After you take the tool quiz
from when you learn about the tools, the game will
prompt you to enter a username that will be stored in the scoreboard!
To go back to the home page, click EXIT at the bottom right corner!

2. Menu Page
To start playing the game, click the button below the Scoreboard.  
When you click on Start Game! it will take you to the menu page to learn 
about the tools, or start the different dissections. In order to start  
the dissections, you must have completed the section to learn about the  
tools. There is a EXIT button at the bottom right corner that will take  
you back to the Home Page!

3. Learning about the Tools
To learn about the tools, click the Tools button on the Menu  
Page. This will take to a page where you can select any tools using the  
menu to learn about them. On the left side would be the information about  
the tool, in the middle would be a picture of what the tools look like, 
and on the right would be a menu to select the different tools. When the
menu is clicked, there will be different options that will appear for
the different tools used about the dissection.
After learning about the tools, there will be a button that will appear  
called Quiz. When the button is clicked, it will take you to a   
page where on one side, there will be the tools, and the other side would  
be the definition. To match the definiton, start INSIDE a tool, and  
match (by clicking) to the INSIDE of the definition that you think matches. After all  
one tools and definition are matched, a CHECK ANSWERS button will appear.
If the tool and definition you selected turned green, then you matched correct.
Otherwise, it will turn red. The green definition that pops up will let 
you know what the correct definition is. If any of the tool-to-definition
is matched wrong, you will have to restart the quiz! Points will be awarded
each time you match the correct tool-to-definition!

4. Abdominal & Thoracic Dissection
When you decide to start the dissections, you can go in any order.  
You do not have to do a certain dissection first before you start the  
other. To start any of the dissection, click Start Game! on the home  
page to take you to the Menu Page. There, you can choose any of the  
dissections by clicking on the Abdominal Dissection or Thoracic  
Dissection button! To offically start playing the dissection game, click the
Start! button underneath the instructions. Make
sure to read each instruction carefully and think about what tool
should be used for each step to earn as many points as possible!

5. Hearts
To make this game more like a suregon simulator, when you start the  
dissection, you will recieve 3 hearts. Whenever a mistake is made,  
you will lose one heart. There is no way to gain hearts in this game.  
The only way is to restart the dissection all over again. If you end up  
losing all three hearts, there will be a pop up message that tells you  
the game is over and will return you to the home page when you click  
the OK button. You can restart a dissection how ever many times you want!

6. Points
When doing the dissection, points will be awarded if the correct step is  
done. The points will be displayed in the Scoreboard that
can be accessed from the home page!

7. Timer
There will be a countdown timer while doing the dissection. The timer is for the  
whole dissection. If you are not able to complete the dissection within  
the time limit, you would have to restart the dissection all over again. 

8. Moisture Level
To maintain the pig's moisture level so that it can be properly dissected,  
there will be an Add Moisture button to increase the moisture of the pig.  
There will be an indicator of the level of moisture and a bar to showcase  
the level. If the pig's moisture level reaches 0, you would have to start  
the dissection all over again. There will be messages to help remind you
to add moisture!

9. Tool Menu
To be able to do the right dissection step, you would also need to select  
the right tool in order to have the step count as correct. To select a  
tool, click on the Tool Menu on the right side of the dissection page
and the different tools will appear for you to select. Use the knowledge
learned from the Tools page and the Quiz to help you do the correct
dissection steps!

10. How to go to Next Step and to EXIT
There will be a button for the Next step, and to EXIT.   
The Previous Step will go to the last step done, the Next Step will take  
you to the next step, and the EXIT will take you page to the Menu Page.   
Note that the amount of points you earn while the dissection will not 
save unless you complete the whole game. So, make sure to finish the whole 
game before exiting out the game!
