Anus:
1. a) The correct answer is the digestive system! The anus is the last organ 
	  used at the end of the digestive tract. 	  
   b) Endocrine is wrong! The anus doesn't deal with any hormones.   
   c) Circulatory is wrong! The anus doesn't deal with red blood cells.   
   d) Excretory is wrong! The anus doesn't expel urine.   
2. a) The correct answer is it's where feces is expelled from the body. The
      anus gets the feces from the rectum, and releases from the body.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong!. The anus doesn't expel urine, it only expels feces.   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong!. Bile is not stored in the anus. 
	  It's stored in the gallbladder, which is later released into the small intestine.     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong!. Feces is not stored in the anus. It's 
	  stored in the rectum. Once needed, it goes to the anus where it is almost immediately expelled.      
3. a) The correct answer is undigested food, water, and bacteria! Feces is 
      made up of all the undigested food, any unabsorbed water, as
	  well as bad bacteria.	  
   b) The answer you chose is wrong, which is Pancreatic enzymes, viruses, and
      mucus is wrong! Pancreatic enzymes break down biomolecules and 
      viruses don't come in the shape of feces.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong!, which is Bile, hormones, and proteins 
      is wrong! Bile breaks down lipids in the small intestine and hormones don't leave your body.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong, which is Food, water, and bile is wrong! 
	  More specifically it is undigested food and water is part of feces. 
	  Bile is not part of feces because it breaks down lipids in the small intestine.        
Cecum:
1. a) The correct answer is the digestive system! It breaks down and digests  
      cellulose in other animals, which is part of foods.    
   b) Immune is wrong! The cecum doesn't have anything to do with white blood
      cells.      
   c) Digestive & Endocrine is wrong! It's not part of the endocrine system
      because it doesn't have anything to do with hormones.      
   d) Circulatory is wrong! It doesn't deal with red blood cells or blood.   
2. a) The correct function is the bacteria present produce cellulase, an 
	  enzyme, which breaks down cellulose. 	  
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! It doesn't house bacteria that create 
      vitamins B & K. The bacteria
      produce cellulase, which breaks down cellulose.       
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It doesn't create hormones insulin 
      and glucagon. Those are created
      by the pancreas. The cecum as nothing to do with hormones.     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! It doesn't filter red blood cells. 
      That is done by the spleen or the
      liver. The cecum doesn't deal with blood or red blood cells.      
3. a) The correct answer is the appendix, which plays a part in the immune system. 
      The function of the appendix is not known yet.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! T The spleen is not used to make antibodies, 
	   which is used for the immune system.
      It filters red blood cells and creates white blood cells. It doesn't take
      replacement of the cecum in the human body.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The appendix is the correct answer, 
      however it doesn't create white blood cells.
      We don't know the function of the appendix yet.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! TThe spleen is used to create white 
      blood cells. However, it doesn't take
      replacement of the cecum in the human body.            
Gallbladder:
1. a) The correct answer is the digestive system! It stores bile,
      which is known to break down/digest lipids.      
   b) Excretory is wrong! The gallbladder doesn't excrete anything out of the
      body. It has nothing to do with urine.      
   c) Circulatory is wrong! The gallbladder doesn't deal with anything blood 
      related
   d) Digestive & Endocrine is wrong! The gallbladder is part of the 
      digestive system, however it's not part of the endocrine because
      it doesn't deal with hormones.
2. a) The correct answer is it stores bile, which was produced by the liver.
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The gallbladder stores bile, it doesn't
      created. 
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The gallbladder only store bile, it 
      doesn't create enzymes.  
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The gallbladder doesn't create bile,
      it only stores it.  
3. a) The answer you chose is correct! It's the first part of the small intestine.
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! It's the first part of the small intestine,
      not large intestine.
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The muscle that's between the stomach and the small 
      intestine is the Pyloric Sphincter, not the duodenum.
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The muscle that's between the esophagus 
      and the stomach is the LES, not the duodenum.
Large Intestine:
1. a) The correct answer is the digestive system! The large intestine stores
	  feces in the rectum, and exits through the anus.
   b) Excretory is wrong! Excretory refers to the excretion of waste created
      in the bloodstream, and since feces is not found/created in the bloodstream,
      this answer is wrong.
   c) Excretory is wrong! Excretory refers to the excretion of waste created
      in the bloodstream, and since feces is not found/created in the bloodstream,
      this answer is wrong.
   d) Endocrine is wrong! Because the large intestine is unrelated to hormones
      of any kind, it is not part of the Endocrine system!
2. a) This answer is correct! It reabsorbs water from the undigested food!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong. The large intestine doesn't produce hormones, 
	  because it is part of the digestive system only!	  
   c) The answer you chose is wrong!. Instead of creating the vitamins A & K, 
	  the large intestine creates vitamins B & K, which makes this answer wrong!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Although bacteria is present in the large intestine, it does not 
      produce the enzyme cellulase (that breaks down cellulose) -- this is
      the function of the cecum, not the large intestine!      
3. a) This answer is correct! Your large intestine is absorbing too less
      water when you have diarrhea!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! When the large intestine absorbs
      too much water, the term it refers to is constipation, not diarrhea!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Vitamins that are being produced
      in the large intestine is unrelated to how much water is reabsorbed
      back into your body!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong!. When the large intestine absorbs the 
      right amount of water, your body is reacting normally, therefore,
      is not considered diarrhea!
Small Intestine:
1. a) The correct answer is the digestive system! The small intestine helps
      the body absorbs nutrients!      
   b) Excretory is wrong! Excretory refers to the excretion of waste created
      in the bloodstream, and since nutrients is not considered waste, it is
      not part of the Excretory system!      
   c) Immune is wrong! The Immune system helps protect the body from invading
      pathogens, which is not the function of the small intestine!      
   d) Endocrine is wrong! Because the small intestine does not produce or
      respond to hormones, it is not part of the Endocrine system!      
2. a) This is correct! The pancreatic enzymes in the small intestine break
      down carbs, lipids, and proteins.      
   b) This answer is incorrect, because the sodium bicarbonate doesn't 
      neutralize bile, instead it help raise the pH of the acidic chyme
      that comes from the stomach.     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It does not reabsorb water from
      undigested foods. This option is the function of the large intestine,
      not the small intestine.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Bile does not break down the proteins
      in the small intestine. Instead, bile breaks down lipids into smaller
      parts for a larger surface area so it is faster for lipase (an enzyme
      that breaks down lipids) to break down lipids -- so the body can
      absorb the nutrients!      
3. a) This is the correct answer! Villi/villus increases the surface area
      of the small intestine so that more nutrients can be absorbed.     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The creation of vitamin B & K is the function
      of the large intestine, not the small intestine!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Villi/villus does not break down lipids.
      Instead, the enzyme lipase breaks down the lipids in the small intestine!     
   d) This is incorrect, because villi/villus does not neutralize the stomach
      acid in the small intestine. Instead, sodium bicarbonate help neutralize
      the stomach acid instead!
Spleen:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The spleen is part of both the Immune
      and Circulatory systems!      
   b) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the spleen part of
      the Immune system, it is also part of the Circulatory system!      
   c) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the spleen part of
      the Circulatory system, it is also part of the Immune system!      
   d) This answer is incorrect, because although the spleen is part the 
      Circulatory system, it is not part of the Digestive system!      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The spleen filters only red blood cells!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Red blood cells are created in the bone marrow!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! White blood cells mature in the bone marrow, 
      not the spleen!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Red blood cells mature in the bone marrow,
      not the spleen!     
3. a) This is the correct answer! The spleen creates white blood cells too, 
      along with the bone marrow!     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! White blood cells mature in the bone marrow!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The spleen does not produce antibodies.   
      unless an invading pathogen is found, so it is only sometimes that the antibodies
      are created in the spleen.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The spleen only filters red blood cells in blood
      not white blood cells!     
Stomach:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The stomach is part of the Digestive system.
   b) Endocrine is incorrect, the stomach does not have anything to do with
      hormones, so it is not part of the Endocrine System.      
   c) Excretory is incorrect. Excretory refers to the excretion of waste created
      in the bloodstream, and since the stomach does not have anything to do
      with waste, it is not part of the Excretory system!      
   d) Excretory is incorrect. Although the stomach is part of the Digestive
      system, it is not part of the Excretory system, therefore, this
      option is wrong.      
2. a) This answer is correct! Pepsinogen converts to its active form of
      pepsin which breaks down proteins in the stomach.
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Pepsinogen is the inactive form,
      not pepsin!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The stomach does not secrete
      sodium bicarbonate. Sodium bicarbonate comes from the pancreas, not
      the stomach!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Bile is not produced in the stomach!
      Bile is produced in the liver, not the stomach.      
3. a) This answer is correct! Peptic ulcer is a sore that develops from the damaging
      of the lining from stomach acid.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Wave-like movements that help
      move food further down the digestive tract is the description of 
      peristalsis, not peptic ulcer!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The acidic fluid that travels from
      the stomach to the small intestine is referred to as chyme, not
      peptic ulcer!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! A muscle that allows chyme to exit the
      stomach to the small intestine is the pyloric sphincter, not peptic
      ulcer!      
Liver:
1. a) This answer is correct! The liver is part of both the Digestive and
      Endocrine systems.      
   b) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the liver part of the
      Digestive system, it is also part of the Endocrine system!      
   c) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the liver part of the 
      Endocrine system, it is also part of the Digestive system!     
   d) This answer is incorrect, because the liver is not part of the Excretory
      system, because the liver does not relate to waste in the blood stream.      
2. a) This answer is correct! The liver produces bile, and is stored in the 
      gallbladder.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The liver produces bile and the gallbladder
      stores the bile, not the other way around!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! While glucose in created in the liver,
      sodium bicarbonate is not!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The hormones like insulin and 
      glucagon is found in the pancreas, not the liver!      
3. a) This answer is correct! Bile helps to break down lipids in the 
      small intestine.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Bile help break down lipids, not
      proteins in the small intestine!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Bile help break down lipids in the 
      small intestine, not the stomach!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Although bile does help neutralize
      the acidic chyme in the small intestine, it is not the main function
      of bile, as sodium bicarbonate mainly help to neutralize the acidic chyme.      
Pancreas:
1. a) This answer is correct! The pancreas is both part of the Digestive and
      Endocrine system.    
   b) This answer is incorrect, because while the pancreas is part of the
      Digestive system, it is not part of the Excretory system!      
   c) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the pancreas part of the
      Endocrine system, it is also part of the Digestive system.      
   d) This answer is incorrect, because the pancreas is not part of the Excretory
      system!     
2. a) This answer is correct! The pancreas creates pancreatic enzymes which
      breaks down biomolecules.     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Instead of the creation of the hormones
      estrogen and progesterone, it produces insulin and glucagon!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Insulin and glucagon are not vitamins,
      they are hormones!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Hydrochloric acid is found in the stomach
      not the pancreas!      
3. a) This answer is correct! The pancreas lowers the blood sugar level by
      converting extra glucose into glycogen.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The when glycogen turns into glucose,
      it increases the blood sugar, not the opposite!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! To lower the blood sugar level, glucose
      is converted to glycogen, not glycogen to glucagon!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! To increase blood sugar level, glycogen
      is converted to glucose, not the opposite!      
Umbilical Vein:
1. a) This answer is correct! The umbilical vein is only part of the Circulatory 
      system!      
   b) This answer is incorrect, because the umbilical vein is only part of the Circulatory
      system, and is not part of the Immune system!     
   c) This answer is incorrect, because the umbilical vein does not have
      anything to do with the Digestive system!      
   d) This answer is incorrect, because the umbilical vein does not have 
      anything to do with the Excretory system!      
2. a) This answer is correct! The umbilical vein carries oxygenated blood
      from the placenta to the fetus!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical vein carries oxygenated blood
      from the placenta to the fetus, not the other way around!     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical vein carries oxygenated blood
      from the placenta to the fetus, not oxygen!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical vein carries oxygenated blood
      from the placenta to the fetus, not oxygen from fetus to placenta!     
3. a) This answer is correct! The umbilical cord connects the developing fetus to the
      placenta in the womb!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical cord is not connected to 
      the vagina!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical cord does not carry
      oxygen from fetus to placenta!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical cord does not carry oxygen
      from the placenta to the fetus!
Urogenital Opening:
1. a) This answer is correct! The urogenital opening is both part of the
      Excretory and Reproductive systems!     
   b) This answer is incorrect, because the urogenital opening is both part of the
      Excretory and Reproductive systems, not just Excretory!      
   c) This answer is incorrect, because the urogenital opening is unrelated
      to the Digestive system!      
   d) This answer is incorrect, because although the urogenital opening 
      is part of the Reproductive system, it is not part of the Digestive system!      
2. a) This answer is correct! The urogenital opening serves as the exit point 
      for urine and reproductive fluids!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Feces exit through the anus, not the 
      urogenital opening!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Hormones are not exited through 
      the urogenital opening!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Feces exit through the anus, not the
      urogenital opening!      
3. a) This answer is correct! Semen and menustrual fluid comes out the
      urogenital opening!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The hormone, testosterone, does not
      exit through the urogenital opening.
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The hormone, progesterone, does not
      exit through the urogenital opening.
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The question asks for fluids other
      than urine!
Urogenital Papilla:
1. a) This answer is correct! The urogenital papilla is part of the Excretory
      system and Reproductive system.
   b) This answer is incorrect, because not only is the urogenital papilla
      part of the Excretory system, it is also part of the reproductive system.  
   c) This answer is incorrect, because urogenital papilla is unrelated
      to the process of digesting food.   
   d) This answer is incorrect, because urogenital papilla is unrelated
      to the process of digesting food, although it is part of the Excretory system.
2. a) This answer is correct! The urogenital papilla facilitates mating, childbirth,
      and/or urination. 
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical cord connects the fetus
      to the placenta, not urogenital papilla.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical vein carries 
      oxygenated blood from the placenta to the fetus, not the urogenital papilla     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The urogenital opening is the exit point
      for urine and reproductive fluids, not urogenital papilla.      
3. a) This answer is correct! When pheromones are released, it signals that
      the female pigs are ready to mate!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Pheromones is a hormone, not an organ!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Only the hormones insulin and glucagon are
      related to blood sugar, not pheromones.      
   d) TThe answer you chose is wrong! The umbilical artery carries deoxygenated
      blood from the fetus to placenta, not pheromones!     
Diaphragm:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The diaphragm is part of the Respiratory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the diaphragm doesn't have anything to do with
      blood!      
   c) This is incorrect, because the diaphragm does not secrete hormones!   
   d) This is incorrect, because the diaphragm doesn't help with fighting
      off infections!      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The diaphragm is a crucial muscle involved in
      the process of breathing.     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The diaphragm is unrelated to the process
      of blood circulation.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The diaphragm does not secrete any hormones!   
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The diaphragm does not contain alveoli, the
      lungs do!
3. a) This is the correct answer! The diaphragm contracts, the chest cavity increases,
      and the pressure decreases when inhaling.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Instead of the diaphragm relaxing, chest cavity 	                             
      decreases, and pressure increases, it is the opposite!     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Instead of the diaphragm relaxing
      and pressure increases, it is the opposite!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Instead of the chest cavity decreases,
      and pressure increases, it is the opposite!
Lungs (Left):
1. a) This is the correct answer! The (left) lung is part of the Respiratory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the (left) lung is unrelated to the Circulatory system,
      although it is part of the Pulmonary circulation!      
   c) This is incorrect, because the (left) lung does not secrete any hormones, therefore
      is not part of the Endocrine. The (left) lung also does not help with fighting
      off pathogens, so it is not part of the Immune system either.      
   d) This is incorrect, because the (left) lung does not help with fighting
      off pathogens, so it is not part of the Immune system.      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The (left) lung facilitates the exchange
      of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the air we breathe and the bloodstream.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The (left) lung is not a muscle, but it
      uses muscles to function!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It does not filter red blood cells, the spleen does this!   
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The larynx creates sound using vocal cords!   
3. a) This is correct! pneumonia is the inflammation of the alveoli!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Emphysema is when the alveoli is damaged, 
      not when it is inflamed!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Bronchitis is the inflammation of the bronchi,
      not the alveoli!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Laryngitis is the inflammation of the larynx, not
      the alveoli!      
Lungs (Right):
1. a) This is the correct answer! The (right) lung is part of the Respiratory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the (right) lung is unrelated to the Circulatory system,
      although it is part of the Pulmonary circulation!     
   c) This is incorrect, because the (right) lung does not secrete any hormones, therefore
      is not part of the Endocrine. The (right) lung also does not help with fighting
      off pathogens, so it is not part of the Immune system either.     
   d) This is incorrect, because the (right) lung does not help with fighting
      off pathogens, so it is not part of the Immune system.      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The (right) lung facilitates the exchange
      of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the air we breathe and the bloodstream.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The (right) lung is not a muscle, but it
      uses muscles to function!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It does not filter white blood cells, the
      (right) lung is related to gas exchange!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The bronchi is the passageway for air, not
      the (right) lung!      
3. a) This is correct! Bronchi comes before the lungs!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Bronchioles is already in the lungs!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! After the trachea there is bronchi, and then
      it would be the lungs      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! After the larynx is the trachea, not the lungs!
Larynx:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The larynx is part of the Respiratory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the larynx does not secrete hormones, or 
      fight off invading pathogens!      
   c) This is incorrect, because the larynx doesn't help with fighting 
      invading pathogens!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the larynx is unrelated to blood circulation!   
2. a) This is the correct answer! The larynx contains vocal cords, which air moves
      through them to vibrate and produce sound.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Cilia is found in the trachea, not the larynx!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Mucus is found in the trachea, not the larynx!   
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The larynx is not part of the digestive tract!   
3. a) This is the correct answer! The inflammation of the larynx is called
      laryngitis!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The inflammation of the trachea is called tracheitis,
      not laryngitis!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The inflammation of the bronchi is bronchitis,
      not laryngitis!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The inflammation of the alveoli called pneumonia,
      not laryngitis!
Thyroid Gland:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The thyroid gland is only part of the Endocrine system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the thyroid gland does not help fight off pathogens!   
   c) This is incorrect, because the thyroid gland does not help with breathing or
      gas exchange!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the thyroid gland does not help fight off pathogens!   
2. a) This is the correct answer! The thyroid gland produces both 
      hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3).     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Not only does the thyroid gland produce 
      thyroxine, it also produces triiodothyronine!     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Not only does the thyroid gland produce 
      triiodothyronine, it also produces thyroxine!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Thyroxine matches with (T4) and 
      triiodothyronine matches with (T3) not the other way around!      
3. a) This is the correct answer! Hyperthyroidism cause fatigue!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Hypothyroidism cause weight gain, not
      hyperthyroidism!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Hyperthyroidism is unrelated to energy levels!   
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Hyperthyroidism is unrelated to energy levels!
Heart:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The heart is part of the circulatory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the heart is not part of the respiratory system!   
   c) This is incorrect, because the heart is not part of the respiratory system,
      although it is a part of the Circulatory system.      
   d) This is incorrect, because the heart does not secrete hormones!   
2. a) This is the correct answer! The heart pumps blood all throughout the body!
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The creation of red blood cells happens in the
      bone marrow!     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The creation of white blood cells happens in the
      bone marrow!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The heart pumps blood throughout the body,
      not just oxygen!     
3. a) This is the correct answer! Sudden cardiac arrest happens when the
      hearts stops beating properly, stopping blood flow to all parts of the body!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! When plaque is involved, it is referred to as
      atherosclerosis!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It is known as a stroke when a blood clot stops
      blood from reaching parts of the brain!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! It is known as a stroke when a blood vessel
      breaks opening (causing bleeding) inside the brain!
Pericardium:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The pericardium is part of the Circulatory
      system!      
   b) This is incorrect, because the pericardium doesn't help with gas exchange
      inside the lungs.      
   c) This is incorrect, because the pericardium doesn't help with fighting
      pathogens!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the pericardium doesn't secrete hormones!   
2. a) This is the correct answer! It protects the heart from coming intact with viruses, bacteria, etc.
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! It does not protect the heart from other organs!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The pericardium doesn't help with supporting
      other abdominal organs!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The pericardium protects the heart, not keep
      other organs in place!      
3. a) This is the correct answer! Carbon monoxide is odorless, colorless, and tasteless, 
      but it is dangerous!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Carbon monoxide affect the blood's ability to carry
      oxygen not carbon dioxide!    
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Carbon monoxide does not speed up the messages
      between the brain and the body!    
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Carbon monoxide is unrelated to the blood pressure!
Coronary Artery:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The coronary artery is part of the Circulatory system
   b) This is incorrect, because the coronary artery doesn't secrete hormones!  
   c) This is incorrect, because the coronary artery does not help with
      fighting off invading pathogens!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the coronary artery does not help with gas exchange!   
2. a) This is the correct answer! The coronary artery supplies oxygen-rich
      blood to the heart muscles!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The blood from the coronary artery flows back
      to the heart muscles, not to the rest of the body!      
   c) TThe answer you chose is wrong! It is unrelated to the protection of the heart!  
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The coronary is on the heart, not related 
      to the lungs!      
3. a) This is the correct answer! When the coronary artery is blocked, it is
      referred to as heart attacks!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Sudden cardiac arrest is when the heart stops
      beating properly!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Ischemic stroke is when the blood flow is
      blocked in the brain!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Hemorrhagic stroke is when the blood flow is
      blocked in the brain, and the blood vessels burst!
Trachea:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The trachea is part of the Respiratory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the trachea does not release any hormones!   
   c) This is incorrect, because the trachea is unrelated to the circulation
      of blood in the body!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the trachea does not help fight off viruses
      in the blood stream!     
2. a) This is the correct answer! The trachea serves as a conduit for air
      to pass between the upper respiratory!     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Mucus in the trachea does not break down proteins,
      instead, it parts dust particles!     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Cilia doesn't help fight against viruses, 
      it helps carry out the mucus & trapped dust particles instead!    
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The trachea does not have anything to the
      movement of blood!     
3. a) This is the correct answer! The cilia pushes out the foreign material out 
      the trachea!     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The cilia does not help fight against viruses!  
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! White blood cells are matured in the bone marrow!  
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Red blood cells are created in the bone marrow!
Pulmonary Artery:
1. a) This is the correct answer! The pulmonary artery is part of the Circulatory system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the pulmonary artery does not release hormones!   
   c) This is incorrect, because the pulmonary artery is not related gas exchange!  
   d) This is incorrect, because the pulmonary artery is does not help with
      fighting off pathogens!      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The pulmonary artery sends deoxygenated blood
      to the lungs!      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The pericardium protects the heart from
      friction!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The pericardium protects the heart from
      bacteria and infections!      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The pericardium help keep the heart in place.   
3. a) This is the correct answer! The deoxygenated blood comes from the 
      right ventricle!     
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The right atrium goes to the right ventricle, and
      then to the pulmonary artery.     
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The left ventricle stores oxygenated blood,
      not deoxygenated blood!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The left atrium pumps oxygenated blood to 
      the left ventricle.
Thymus Tissue:
1. a) This is the right answer! The thymus tissue is part of the Immune system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the thymus tissue is not part of the
      Endocrine system!      
   c) This is incorrect, because the thymus tissue is not part of the
      Endocrine system!      
   d) This is incorrect, because the thymus tissue is not part of
      the process of gas exchange!      
2. a) This is the right answer! The thymus tissue is involved in the maturation
      of T-cells.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The thymus gland produces the hormone
      Thymosine.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! The production of red blood cells is in
      the bone marrow, and the spleen filters them.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! The thymus tissue does not filter T-cells.   
3. a) This is the right answer! T-cells are a type of white blood cells.
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! T-cells are not red blood cells!   
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! T-cells are not the same as B-cells, even
      though they are both white blood cells.      
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Blue blood cells are not real!  
Thymus Glands:
1. a) This is the right answer! The thymus glands is part of the Immune system!
   b) This is incorrect, because the thymus glands is not part of the
      Endocrine system!      
   c) This is incorrect, because the thymus glands is not part of the
      Endocrine system!     
   d) This is incorrect, because the thymus glands is not part of
      the process of gas exchange!      
2. a) This is the correct answer! The thymus glands produces Thymosine to help
      mature t-cells.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! The production of red blood cells is in
      the bone marrow, and the spleen filters them.      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! It helps to create t-cells, not to filter
      them!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! It helps mature t-cells, not b-cells   
3. a) This is the correct answer! Thymosine is the hormone that help start
      the production of t-cells.      
   b) The answer you chose is wrong! Thyroxine is related to thyroid gland, not
      thymus glands!      
   c) The answer you chose is wrong! Triiodothyronine is related to thyroid gland, not
      thymus glands!     
   d) The answer you chose is wrong! Both thyroxine and triiodothyronine is 
      related to thyroid gland, not thymus glands!
